[Documentation] Add Setup/Install Instructions (#116)
CodeForAfrica/outbreak.AFRICA: README.md

# COVID19map

HURUmap Coronavirus Disease 2019 Edition

## Installation

> outbreak.Africa is a SSR rendered [Next](https://nextjs.org/) web app deployable to [Zeit](https://zeit.co). See [package.json](./package.json) for the full list of dependencies and build & deploy scripts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
outbreak.AFRICA is a SSR rendered [Next](https://nextjs.org/) web app deployable to [Vercel](vercel.com/). See [package.json](./package.json) for the full list of dependencies and build & deploy scripts.
```

**Zeit** is now _Vercel_

Run the following to get started locally:

#### Development Env

```sh
  yarn
  yarn dev
```

> The application should be running locally at `localhost:3000`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The application will be running locally at `localhost:3000`
```

Why should? You don't trust our work?
